## US1502 - As Customer, I want to view/check the status of my open orders.
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

**US1502.** As Customer, I want to view/check the status of my open orders.

* US1502.1 It is mandatory using the "OrdersServer" component (cf. US1901).


## 1.1 Interpretation of Requirements


Based on the information provided by the customer, on the set of user stories requested
by the same for this Sprint D, on the discussion of the requirements with the
customer himself in the appropriate forum, as well as the other members of the 
work team, this user story of the as follows:


* A server application, called “Orders Server”, responsible to fulfill the all the data requests
  necessary to the “Customer Application” works properly. The set of available/possible requests
  must be minimized and, each one, should have a very specific purpose (e.g.: add a product to the
  shopping cart, check the status of his/her open orders).

### Client Clarifications

***Question*** In the US 1502, it is asked to "view/check the status of my open orders", 
can you clarify if the open orders are all the orders that have been 
created or if it is orders with a specific status.

***Answer*** It is all orders that have not been delivered to the customer yet.

---------------------------------------------------------------


# 2. Analyze

## 2.1 Identification of concepts

* **[Entidade] 
   * [ValueObject] 
   * [ValueObject] 


## 2.2 Modeling in the Domain Model

By comparing the analysis made in this section with the modeling done in the 
Domain Model previously, it was concluded that the Domain Model is able to
respond to the client's requirements for this User Story.



# 3. Design


## 3.1. Realização da Funcionalidade

According to the analysis carried out previously, and the client's requirements,
it is possible to conclude that the requested functionality is relevant in the
development of our system, so it is really important that all the details of it
are well specified.

As such, we chose to represent how this functionality works in the form of a
generic UML Diagram.

### _3.1.1 Generic Diagram_




## 3.2. Class Diagram

In the analysis phase, the domain concepts (Entities, ValueObjects, etc.) associated
with this functionality have already been identified. All these concepts will
be represented by respective classes, and are therefore a fundamental part 
of this functionality.

However, several other classes were identified, which, despite not being domain 
concepts, are also fundamental to this User Story.







## 3.3. Applied Patterns

I considered three patterns that are interconnected, and were always kept in mind during Design, so they were applied in different contexts.

### 3.3.1 Information Expert

* Information Expert
   * The Customer class is the one who knows its attributes best, so it is the most suitable class to carry out verification of its attributes according to the data received.
  
### 3.3.2 Tell, don't ask

* Tell, don't ask
   *The Controller, instead of asking (ask) information from other classes and executing business logic, just tells (tell) the classes best suited for the task what it wants.

### 3.3.3 Single Responsability Principle

* Single Responsability Principle
   * The fundamental function of the UI class is to interact with the user. In other words, each class has only the fundamental responsibility that it has.







## 3.4. Tests

### 3.4.1 Verification Tests

**Test 1:** 

### 3.4.2 Validation Tests

**Test 1:** Test