## US1001 - As a Sales Clerk I want to specify a new product for sale
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

**US1001.** As a Sales Clerk I want to specify a new product for sale

## 1.1 Interpretation of Requirements

Based on the information provided by the product, on the set of user stories requested by 
the same for this Sprint B, on the discussion of the requirements with the 
customer himself in the appropriate forum, as well as the other members of the 
work team, this user story of the as follows:

Create new product that it's still not available in the sales system. A product specification comprehends multiple attributes:
    
    ** A product might be manually created by a salesclerk by typing (or selecting) all the
    mandatory data required to be order by a customer.
    
    ** Alternatively, products might be imported from a text file generated by an external
    system. Multiple text file formats need to be supported (e.g.: CSV, XML).
    
    ** Imported products might have some missing information (e.g.: its warehouse location),
    which can be further added by the salesclerk. 


# 2. Analysis

## 2.1 Identification of concepts

* **[Entity] Product**
  * [Value Object] reference
  * [Value Object] productCode
  * [Value Object] internalCode
  * [Value Object] barCode
  * [Value Object] brandName
  * [Value Object] photo
  * [Value Object] shortDescription
  * [Value Object] technicalDescription
  * [Value Object] extendedDescription

## 2.2 Business Invariants/Rules

Product Features:

- Reference -
    * Code used to identify several (a group of) products that are the same type but with different characteristics
  

- Internal Code -
    * Unique code that each product has, works as an identifier
  

- Product Code -
    * Code to identify/find the product in the warehouse
  

- Bar Code -
    * Code with 13 digits that are uniquely assigned to each trade item for scanning at the point of sale
  

- Brand Name -
    * Name of the brand responsible for the product
  

- Photo -
  * Set of photographs to demonstrate the product
  

- Short Description -
    * Small description about the product and what it is
  

- Technical Description -
    * Describes how the product works. Gives an overview of the whole product, regarding 
      its functions, how it works and what it is for, and describes another components like size, shape, etc
  

- Extended Description -
    * Long description of a product in order to sell it focusing on its benefits. Tells the customer
      what's the product for, its details, why it should be used/ why it's usefull 


## 2.3 Modeling in the Domain Model

By comparing the analysis made in this section with the modeling done in the Domain Model previously, it was concluded that the Domain Model is able to respond to the client's requirements for this User Story.


# 3. Design

## 3.1 Functionality

According to the analysis carried out previously, and the client's requirements, it is possible to conclude that the requested functionality is relevant in the development of our system, so it is really important that all the details of it are well specified.

As such, we chose to represent how this functionality works in the form of a generic UML Diagram.


### _3.1.1 Generic Diagram_

## 3.2. Class Diagram

In the analysis phase, the domain concepts (Entities, ValueObjects, etc.) associated with this functionality have already been identified. All these concepts will be represented by respective classes, and are therefore a fundamental part of this functionality.

However, several other classes were identified, which, despite not being domain concepts, are also fundamental to this User Story.

**_Presentation Layer_**

UI - The User Interface, which leads to the User Story and interacts with the user.

**_Application Layer_**

Controller - The User Story controller that delegates tasks to other classes.

**_Domain Layer_**

All classes referring to concepts identified in the analysis phase:

Product
ProductId
productReference
productCode
productBarCode
productBrand
productPhotography
productShortDescription
productTechnicalDescription
productExtendedDescription



**_Persistence Layer_**

Repositories have the objective of taking care of the persistence of the modified data during the use of the application's functionalities, and the collection of this same data when necessary


## 3.3. Applied Patterns

I considered three patterns that are interconnected, and were always kept in mind during Design, so they were applied in different contexts.

### 3.3.1 Information Expert

* Information Expert
  * The Product class is the one who knows its attributes best, so it is the most suitable class to carry out verification of its attributes according to the data received.


### 3.3.2 Tell, don't ask

* Tell, don't ask
  *The Controller, instead of asking (ask) information from other classes and executing business logic, just tells (tell) the classes best suited for the task what it wants.


### 3.3.3 Single Responsibility Principle

* Single Responsibility Principle
    * The fundamental function of the UI class is to interact with the user. In other words, each class has only the fundamental responsibility that it has.


## 3.4. Tests


### 3.4.1 Verification Tests


**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without its unique internal code.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a product code.

**Test 3:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a reference.

**Test 4:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a bar code.

**Test 5:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a brand name.

**Test 6:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a short description.

**Test 7:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a technical description.

**Test 8:** Test that it is not possible to create a product without a extended description.


### 3.4.2 Validation Tests

**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to create a product with an invalid product code.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a product with an invalid reference.

**Test 3:** Test that it is not possible to create a product with an invalid bar code.

**Test 6:** Test that it is not possible to create a product with an invalid brand name.

**Test 7:** Test that it is not possible to create a product with invalid descriptions (short, technical and extended).




