
## US1002 - As Sales Clerk, I want to view/search the products catalog.
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

**US1002.** As Sales Clerk, I want to view/search the products catalog.

## 1.1 Interpretation of Requirements

Based on the information provided by the customer, on the set of user stories requested by the same for this Sprint B, on the discussion of the requirements with the customer himself in the appropriate forum, as well as the other members of the work team, this user story of the as follows:

* Browse and search the products catalog.
  
  ** It must support filtering and sorting operations by one or more product attributes
  (e.g.: category, brand, description, status).
  
  ** The filtered products catalog should be exported to a CSV file.
  
  ** At least the product' code, short description, brand, category and unit price should be presented.


# 2. Analyze

## 2.1 Identification of concepts



## 2.2 Modeling in the Domain Model


By comparing the analysis made in this section with the modeling done in the Domain Model previously, it was concluded that the Domain Model is able to respond to the client's requirements for this User Story.



# 3. Design


## 3.1. Realization of Functionality

According to the analysis carried out previously, and the client's requirements, it is possible to conclude that the requested functionality is relevant in the development of our system, so it is really important that all the details of it are well specified.

As such, we chose to represent how this functionality works in the form of a generic UML Diagram.

### _3.1.1 Generic Diagram_




