## US1001 - As a Sales Clerk I want to define a new category of products
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

**US1001.** As a Sales Clerk I want to define a new category of products

## 1.1 Interpretation of Requirements

Based on the information provided by the category, on the set of user stories requested by
the same for this Sprint B, on the discussion of the requirements with the
customer himself in the appropriate forum, as well as the other members of the
work team, this user story of the as follows:

Create new category that it's still not available in the sales system. A category is characterized by an alphanumeric code, a
description, and, optionally, a reference to its super-category


# 2. Analysis

## 2.1 Identification of concepts

* **[Entity] Category**
    * [Value Object] alphanumericCode
    * [Value Object] description
   

## 2.2 Business Invariants/Rules

Category Features:

- Alphanumeric Code -
    * Code used to identify several (a group of) category that are the same type but with different characteristics


- Description -
    * Unique code that each category has, works as an identifier




## 2.3 Modeling in the Domain Model

By comparing the analysis made in this section with the modeling done in the Domain Model previously, it was concluded that the Domain Model is able to respond to the client's requirements for this User Story.


# 3. Design

## 3.1 Functionality

According to the analysis carried out previously, and the client's requirements, it is possible to conclude that the requested functionality is relevant in the development of our system, so it is really important that all the details of it are well specified.

As such, we chose to represent how this functionality works in the form of a generic UML Diagram.


### _3.1.1 Generic Diagram_

## 3.2. Class Diagram

In the analysis phase, the domain concepts (Entities, ValueObjects, etc.) associated with this functionality have already been identified. All these concepts will be represented by respective classes, and are therefore a fundamental part of this functionality.

However, several other classes were identified, which, despite not being domain concepts, are also fundamental to this User Story.

**_Presentation Layer_**

UI - The User Interface, which leads to the User Story and interacts with the user.

**_Application Layer_**

Controller - The User Story controller that delegates tasks to other classes.

**_Domain Layer_**

All classes referring to concepts identified in the analysis phase:

Category
AlphanumericCode
Description



**_Persistence Layer_**

Repositories have the objective of taking care of the persistence of the modified data during the use of the application's functionalities, and the collection of this same data when necessary


## 3.3. Applied Patterns

I considered three patterns that are interconnected, and were always kept in mind during Design, so they were applied in different contexts.

### 3.3.1 Information Expert

* Information Expert
    * The Category class is the one who knows its attributes best, so it is the most suitable class to carry out verification of its attributes according to the data received.


### 3.3.2 Tell, don't ask

* Tell, don't ask
  *The Controller, instead of asking (ask) information from other classes and executing business logic, just tells (tell) the classes best suited for the task what it wants.


### 3.3.3 Single Responsibility Principle

* Single Responsibility Principle
    * The fundamental function of the UI class is to interact with the user. In other words, each class has only the fundamental responsibility that it has.


## 3.4. Tests


### 3.4.1 Verification Tests


**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to create a category without its unique alphanumeric code.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a category without a description.




### 3.4.2 Validation Tests

**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to create a category with an invalid alphanumeric code.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a category with an invalid description.
