## US1003 - As Sales Clerk, I want to register a new customer.
=======================================

# 1. Requirements

**US1003.** As Sales Clerk, I want to register a new customer.

* US1003.1 Initialize the registration of a new customer by Sales Clerk, indicating all the necessary information (name, VAT - Value Added Tax Identifier, email, address, telephone number, among others...)

* US1003.2 Add additional information to the customer record in order to contain a more complete user, namely data such as birth, gender, billing and postal delivery address.

* US1003.3 Need to automatically generate a unique identifier in the new customer registration process after data validation by Sales Clerk.


## 1.1 Interpretation of Requirements

Based on the information provided by the customer, on the set of user stories requested by the same for this Sprint B, on the discussion of the requirements with the customer himself in the appropriate forum, as well as the other members of the work team, this user story of the as follows:

* A customer registration might be done by three distinct ways:

   ** The customer accesses the application (without being authenticated) and proceeds to his/herself registration The customer account needs to be further activated, otherwise the customer cannot access the system.

   ** Customers info might be imported from a text file generated by an external system. Multiple text file formats need to be supported (e.g.: CSV, XML).

   ** Alternatively, and in order to comply with this user story, the registration can be manually performed by a clerk. No account activation is required.


* Regarding customers, the minimum required information is its name, a valid Value-Added Tax (VAT) identifier, an email, an address, and a phone number.

* Optionally, customers might state their birthdate and gender and have/manage several billing and delivering postal addresses.

* Every customer also has a unique identifier that is automatically generated by the system at the customer registration time.


* In addition, we must take into account that we are required to conceive/design/implement a generic base solution that can be easily reused on other systems/domains.

* This user story will be created in an application running on the company's servers and computers, so we must take into account all the aspects necessary for its proper functioning.


# 2. Analyze

## 2.1 Identification of concepts

* **[Entidade] Customer**
   * [ValueObject] customerId
   * [ValueObject] customerName
   * [ValueObject] customerVAT
   * [ValueObject] customerPhone
   * [ValueObject] customerBirthdate
   * [ValueObject] customerAddress
   * [ValueObject] customerEmail


## 2.2 Business Invariants/Rules

Customer Features:

- Name -
   * At least a first and last name is required.
   * Although, desirably the customer should specify his/her full name.
   * Apply the min/max length reasonable to meet this requirement.

- VAT -
   * Varies from one country to another.
   * Usually it has letters and numbers.
   * The system must be prepared to support/recognize several VAT IDs.

- Phone number -
   * According to international standards (e.g.: +351 934 563 123).

- Birthdate -
   * Adopt year/month/day mask.

- Address -
   * It must contain street name, door number, postal code, city, country.

- Email -
   * It must be a valid email.

- Identifier -
   * Unique and generated automatically by the system when registering new customer.


## 2.3 Modeling in the Domain Model

By comparing the analysis made in this section with the modeling done in the Domain Model previously, it was concluded that the Domain Model is able to respond to the client's requirements for this User Story.



# 3. Design


## 3.1. Realização da Funcionalidade

According to the analysis carried out previously, and the client's requirements, it is possible to conclude that the requested functionality is relevant in the development of our system, so it is really important that all the details of it are well specified.

As such, we chose to represent how this functionality works in the form of a generic UML Diagram.

### _3.1.1 Generic Diagram_




## 3.2. Class Diagram


In the analysis phase, the domain concepts (Entities, ValueObjects, etc.) associated with this functionality have already been identified. All these concepts will be represented by respective classes, and are therefore a fundamental part of this functionality.

However, several other classes were identified, which, despite not being domain concepts, are also fundamental to this User Story.

**_Presentation Layer_**

UI - The User Interface, which leads to the User Story and interacts with the user.

**_Application Layer_**

Controller - The User Story controller that delegates tasks to other classes.

**_Domain Layer_**

All classes referring to concepts identified in the analysis phase:
Customer
customerId
customerName
customerVAT
customerPhone
customerBirthdate
customerAddress
customerEmail

**_Persistence Layer_**

 Repositories have the objective of taking care of the persistence of the modified data during the use of the application's functionalities, and the collection of this same data when necessary

## 3.3. Applied Patterns

I considered three patterns that are interconnected, and were always kept in mind during Design, so they were applied in different contexts.

### 3.3.1 Information Expert

* Information Expert
   * The Customer class is the one who knows its attributes best, so it is the most suitable class to carry out verification of its attributes according to the data received.
  
### 3.3.2 Tell, don't ask

* Tell, don't ask
   *The Controller, instead of asking (ask) information from other classes and executing business logic, just tells (tell) the classes best suited for the task what it wants.

### 3.3.3 Single Responsability Principle

* Single Responsability Principle
   * The fundamental function of the UI class is to interact with the user. In other words, each class has only the fundamental responsibility that it has.

## 3.4. Tests


### 3.4.1 Verification Tests


**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to record a costumer without its unique code in the system.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a customer without a name.

**Test 3:** Test that it is not possible to create a customer without a VAT.

**Test 4:** Test that it is not possible to create a customer without an email.

**Test 5:** Test that it is not possible to create a customer without an address

**Test 6:** Test that it is not possible to create a customer without a phone number.


### 3.4.2 Validation Tests

**Test 1:** Test that it is not possible to create a costumer with an invalid name.

**Test 2:** Test that it is not possible to create a costumer with an invalid VAT.

**Test 3:** Test that it is not possible to create a costumer with a phone number not according to international standards.

**Test 6:** Test that it is not possible to create a costumer with an invalid birthdate.

**Test 7:** Test that it is not possible to create a costumer with an invalid address.

